<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html">
    <h:head>
        <meta charset="utf-8"/>
            <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/>
                <title>Tips&Tricks;</title>
                <link href="bootstrap3/css/bootstrap.min.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"></link>
                    <link href="font-awesome-4.7.0/css/font-awesome.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"></link>

                        <script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-1.11.3.min.js"></script>
                        <script type="text/javascript" src="js/bootstrap.js"></script>
                        <script type="text/javascript" src="jquery-1.11.3.min.js"></script>
                        <h:outputScript library="js" name="tipscript.js"/>
                        <h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="tipstyle.css"/>
                        </h:head>
    
    
                        <h:body>
                          <div class="container-fluid">

<header>
<div id="hd">
	<div id="logo"><h3><span style="color: black">Junk</span><span style="color: antiquewhite">2dump</span></h3><h4 style=" color: lightgreen;">just one call and your junk  disappears...like magic</h4></div>
	
	<ul style="display: inline" class="list-inline"  id="nav">
	  <li><a href="index.xhtml">Home</a></li>
	  <li><a href="j2dshop.xhtml">J2dshop</a></li>
	<li><a href="j2dtips.xhtml"  style="background-color: cadetblue">J2dTips</a></li>
	<div class="dropdownMB" style="padding-left: 43px">
            <li class="dropMB"><a href="#">Our Services</a></li>
			<div class="dropdown-contentMB dropdown-header">
			<ul style="line-height: 19px;">
				<li><a href="j2dserv-laundry.xhtml">Laundry and dry cleaning Services</a></li><br/>
				<li><a href="waste and janitor.xhtml">Waste Disposal and janitorial Serviices</a></li><br/>
				<li><a href="fumigate and pest.xhtml">Fumigation and Pest Control</a></li><br/>
				<li><a href="#">Integrated Facilities Management</a></li><br/>
				<li><a href="#">Landscape Maintenance</a></li><br/>
				<li><a href="#">Equipment/Trucks/compactor Leasing </a></li><br/>
			</ul>
			</div>
			</div>
	
        <li class="dropMB"><a href="j2dserv-laundry.xhtml">Check myClothes  </a>|</li>
	

	<li><a href="j2dregister.xhtml">Sign in  |</a></li>
	<li><a href="j2dHelp.xhtml">Help</a></li>	
	
	</ul>
		
</div>
</header>

<section>
<div id="sidenav">
	<nav class="col-sm-3 col-xs-3">
		<ul class="nav navbar-nav navbar-right"
		 data-spy="affix" data-offset-top="205">
			<li><u><strong>TIps</strong></u></li><br/><br/>
			<li id="1"><a href="#">remove Armpit smells/colors</a></li><br/><br/>
			<li id="2"><a href="#">remove blood from clothes</a></li><br/><br/>
			<li id="3"><a href="#">remove ink from clothes</a></li><br/><br/>
			<li id="4"><a href="#">remove rust from clothes(general)</a></li><br/><br/>
			<li id="5"><a href="#">remove oil from clothes(general)</a></li><br/><br/>
			<li id="6"><a href="#">remove gum from clothes(general)</a></li><br/><br/>
			
			
	
		</ul>
	</nav>
	</div>
</section>

<div class="col-sm-9">
<section id="oil">
<h2>How to get olive oil out of a shirt?</h2>
Blot any excess oil using a clean cloth or a paper towel. Then, squirt some aloe vera, dish soap, or<br/>
shampoo onto the stain. Use an old toothbrush or a manicure brush to rub the stain into the fabric.<br/> 
Let the stain sit for a few minutes.<br/>


<h2>How to get old grease stains out of clothes?</h2>
Use Dish Soap to Get Grease Stains Out of Your Clothes. When it comes to clothing stains,<br/> 
grease seems to be one of the more troublesome offenders. However, dish soap can make<br/> 
quick work of the grease, even if the stain itself is old<br/>


<h2>How to get motor oil out of clothes?</h2>
Work foam from the soap or detergent or shampoo into the stain. You should see it dissolve.<br/>
Dish detergents and laundry bar soaps have special agents that fight grease, so does shampoo.<br/> 
Rinse the area with water first, then optionally, follow with a vinegar rinse.<br/>


<h2>How do you get truck grease out of clothes?</h2>
Soak it in a bucket of warm water to loosen the stain then treat with Dawn on both sides of the fabric,<br/>
rub in to the stain and let sit about 15 minutes. Put clean warm water in the bucket and let soak again.<br/>
Repeat until stain is gone. If the stain is still lightly there use Fels Naptha Soap, rub into stain and launder.<br/>
	
</section>


<section id="rust">
<h2>how to remove rust stain</h2>
If you've got rust on clothing it can be removed with either white vinegar or lemon juice.<br/>
Lay the clothing or fabric out on an old towel and pour a small amount of white vinegar directly<br/>
on the stain - or rub a cut lemon half on the stain.<br/>
Saturate it thoroughly, then blot it with a clean white towel.<br/>

<h3>method 2</h3>
Moisten a soft cloth or cotton ball with white vinegar.<br/>
Blot the stained area to moisten it completely.<br/>
Cover the stain with a thin layer of salt.<br/>
Rub the vinegar and salt together onto the stain with your fingers.<br/>
If possible, lay the piece on top of a towel in direct sunlight.<br/>
</section>

<section id="gum">
<h2>How to get gum off clothes</h2>
Cover the area affected by gum in liquid laundry soap.<br/>
Use a toothbrush to work the laundry soap into the gum. This will break it up.<br/>
Use a blunt knife and gently scrape away at the gum.<br/>
Lastly, use your fingernail to scrape the remaining gum off the fabric.<br/>
Throw the garment in the washing machine.<br/>


</section>
	
<section id="ink">

<h2>how to remove ink</h2>

make a baking soda paste (two parts baking soda to 1 part water) is also a good trick to help lift blood stains.<br/>
Apply the poultice directly to the stain and leave it for up to 30 minutes. After you've removed the paste,<br/>
carefully blot the area with a damp cloth or paper towel then wash as normal.<br/>
</section>

<section id="blood">

<h2>how to remove blood stains</h2>
Again, start by blotting the stain to remove excess ink. You’ll need a microfibre cloth rather than paper towels,<br/>
because bits of paper can get caught in the garment.Apply an aerosol hairspray or some rubbing alcohol directly onto the stain.<br/>
The products contain alcohol, which can be really effective in breaking down the oil in this type of stain.Antibacterial hand<br/> 
wash can also do the same job. Just make sure you wear protective clothing and use them in a well-ventilated room.<br/>
While the rubbing alcohol, hand wash, or hair spray are still wet, put the garment straight into the washing machine<br/>
and wash it as normal. Try to wash it by itself if you can.Make sure the stain is completely gone before you air dry it.<br/>

<h3>method 2</h3>
If you’re removing ink stains that have pooled on your clothing, try to use a microfibre cloth to blot the mark – don’t wipe<br/>
Keep blotting until the ink dries and stops transferring off.
If it’s a huge stain, try a water-based stain remover to break it down.<br/>
Leave it for ten minutes, following the product’s instructions.<br/>
Grab the cloth again and blot the stain. More of the stain should disappear now that you’ve used the pre-treater.<br/>
Put the garment into the washing machine, preferably without any other clothes. You won’t need to<br/> 
boil your clothes – just use your usual temperature setting.<br/>
Make sure the ink stain is gone before your dry it. If it’s still there, blot it, treat it, and put it back into the wash.<br/>				
</section>

<section id="armpit">

<h2>how to get Armpit smell off</h2>
Add a cup of vinegar or a cup of baking soda to the wash to combat odors.<br/>
Consider using a clothesline to dry your clothes outside to get a fresh outdoors scent.<br/>
Use half a cup of pine scented cleaner in the washer<br/>
(the pine smell will be eliminated after a cycle in the dryer). Put musty, dry clothing in the freezer.<br/>


<h2>How do you remove deodorant stains from clothes?</h2>
Just pour a bit of vinegar directly onto the stain, and rub it into the fabric before placing<br/>
the item in the wash. You can also remove deodorant stains from your washable shirts and blouses<br/>
by gently rubbing the spot with undiluted vinegar before laundering.<br/>
</section>
</div>
	</div>    
     </h:body>
     </html>

